20 ::: Bird Idol (2010) ::: animation ::: The story revolves around a bird called 'Hummi' who is not happy with the bird music and is greatly impressed by human music and how he introduces human music to the bird music by entering into a competition called Bird Idol and with his genuine effort he puts himself and his parents into trouble.
21 ::: O Signo das Tetas (2016) ::: drama ::: The Road of Milk narrates in existential drama tones the story of a man searching for his lost time, traveling across the roads of Brazil's countryside, making their way back to their homeland. In this journey, he will find his way to sign his past that will remake your life and show you the path of salvation. He is on the threshold between reason and madness, between salvation and death.
22 ::: Söderpojkar (1941) ::: comedy ::: A gang of unemployed itinerant musicians play in the south of Stockholm. Then they get the chance to be an orchestra in a dance restaurant. It goes well until the female owner falls in love with one of them.
23 ::: Tunnel Vision (1976) ::: comedy ::: A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming, which includes shows, commercials, news programs, you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. This 1976 film tries to predict what American television will be like in the year 1985. Tunnelvision is America's first "uncensored and free" television network. Although wildly popular, it is also blamed for increased crime and unemployment. Christian A. Broder, president and founder of Tunnelvision, is called to defend his network in front of a Senate sub-committee. The sub-committee decides to view excerpts from a "typical" day of Tunnelvision broadcasting. What follows is a series of brief skits lampooning television, including cop shows, news broadcasts, situation comedies, and (of course) commercials.
24 ::: Wedded Bliss? (2002) ::: drama ::: Wedded Bliss? explores the perception that one's wedding and one's newly wedded life are the most perfect, most romantic time of one's life. The reality of so many people from two families coming together is almost always "miscommunication". These always start small and become bigger. This baggage becomes a big distraction for the new couple as they struggle to adapt to their new space. This story is of such a couple who are drawn apart as they go through this process.
25 ::: Cheongchun highway (1973) ::: action ::: Dong-woo is released from prison after a short time following his failed attempt to rob a watch shop. He decides to follow in his brother's footsteps and become a singer. His popularity soon eclipses his brother's, however, leading to unexpected jealousy and family problems
26 ::: The Sandman (????/I) ::: fantasy ::: A wizard attempting to capture Death to bargain for eternal life traps her younger brother Dream instead. Fearful for his safety, the wizard kept him imprisoned in a glass bottle for decades. After his escape, Dream, also known as Morpheus, goes on a quest for his lost objects of power.
27 ::: Riding Shotgun (2004) ::: short ::: Brian Wallace is a cameraman for the hit TV show, 'Riding Shotgun'. A minute ago, he was hauling ass down an alley, trying to keep up with two cops chasing some gang members. Then he made a wrong turn, and got separated from the damn cops. Now there's a knife at his throat, and he's face to face with a notorious young gang leader named Magic. For the rest of the day, Brian will find himself rolling with Magic and his gang, irresistibly caught up in their struggle to solidify a permanent truce with an enemy gang. Before the opportunity is destroyed by those who are blind to it...
28 ::: The Day Mars Invaded Earth (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: The Martians are actually protecting themselves from US!!. - since the Earth probe landed on their planet they are taking measures to ensure their security by replacing our scientists with doppelgangers who report nothing. A very insightful film that was under-rated and ahead of it's time, with a 1963 vision of a primitive mars rover.
29 ::: The Blue Boy (1994) ::: thriller ::: Marie is an insecure housewife whose husband, Joe, is having an affair. The two of them take a holiday to rural Scotland, but by sheer bad luck, end up at the hotel Joe uses for his "getaways." There, Marie is told the story of a young boy who drowned in a nearby lake long ago, and finds herself becoming more and more obsessed with his ghost.
30 ::: Cracked Not Broken (2007) ::: documentary ::: Coming from an upper-middle class background with a good education, close friends and family members (she has one adolescent daughter), 37 year old Canadian Lisa seemed to be the least likely person to get caught up in the dangerous and self-destructive world of crack addiction and prostitution (which is how she funds her habit). She discusses in a very honest, open and articulate manner here in the film's intimate setting (her Toronto hotel room to be precise) just what led her down this tragic path that she currently finds herself in, and how she ultimately wants nothing more than to reach full sobriety someday so as to not only return to some semblance of a normal life as a mother, daughter and friend but to hopefully educate and help others, specifically women, who have found themselves in a similar situation as hers.
31 ::: Love Bites (2018) ::: horror ::: Hollywood has long since been a haven for vampires and other underworld creatures. They have used the industry to fashion their own lore while protecting them from a human society. Detective Peter King becomes involved personally and professionally with Osvanna Moore, once scream queen, now horror studio mogul and a 400 year old vampire. Together they try to outpace a serial killer who has targeted Osvanna and much of her vampire clan...The Vampires of Hollywood.
32 ::: 7 días con Alberto Corazón (2015) ::: documentary ::: The objective of this documentary is to convey in an exciting way who is Alberto Corazón. His work, his career, his creative process, his contribution to Spanish culture. His personality, his character and his ideas. Its contribution to the Spanish culture - especially the visual culture - through the recognition of marks and symbols, corporate identities, industrial designs, objects and signs. His creative process, showing closely and transparently how he create. His trajectory, linked to the recent history of Spain. His work in the broadest sense, including editorial design, posters, wall paintings, sundials, objects, paintings, sculptures, books. His personality, character and ideas, respecting the space of intimacy.
33 ::: Province 77 (2002) ::: action ::: Thai Town is a six-block area near Hollywood, Los Angeles, which is home to over 50,000 expatriated Thais. The town is such a gateway for Thais entering America it was dubbed Thailand's 77th Province. The movie follows a Thai family as it struggles to survive in Los Angeles' fast-paced consumerist culture, while still maintaining traditional values. The identity struggle between Thai-ness and the high octane way of life on the west coast of America, defined by hip-hop, drugs, street racing and violence, affects Pat, a good boy tempted by a life of crime, and his sister.
34 ::: "The Wild, Wild World of Animals" (1973) ::: documentary ::: One hundred twenty nine episodes of this syndicated show were produced between 1973 and 1978. The show debuted in the USA in the Fall of 1973. The show was a wildlife documentary.
35 ::: Primer (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: Four friends/fledgling entrepreneurs, knowing that there's something bigger and more innovative than the different error-checking devices they've built, wrestle over their new invention.